Axes.axline: implement support transform argument (for points but not slope) (#18647)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/axline_transform.rst

axline supports *transform* parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The *transform* keyword argument only applies to the points *xy1*,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~.Axes.axline` now supports the *transform* parameter, which applies to
the points *xy1*, *xy2*.
```

axline supports *transform* parameter
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
`~.Axes.axline` now supports the *transform* parameter, which applies to
the points *xy1*, *xy2*.

> *xy2*. The *slope* (if given) is always in data coordinates. This can

Reviewer: Duplicate *xy2*. Also, you can re-wrap this line.

Author: oops, sorry. Done in 82e63a98cd720938.
